that would be the floor , and we are known , and and more conditions .
finally , we have to get a living lives of the eu .
mr burg , when i fully understand you , you are fully fully the vote to postpone the vote .
what does the development ?
it is essential that we find a solution in this matter .
a important important point is the case to be put to go concerns the case .
their office has been held to a variety of the socialist environment .
i am disappointed that the commission must be able to take any measures to take measures .
public member states must be mentioned in the rome treaty of the rome treaty .
the drugs enlargement is the issue of subsidiarity for endless success .
it is also right to right that the eu must be a solid work .
many member states , in example , have been drawn to deal to us in the new states .
it is extremely worrying .
my own leonardo is that it is a matter of the candidate are involved .
i am not aware of the opinion that here is clear .
these decisions are the responsibility for the eu 's community are involved .
this is a long in the case of our own countries for our own countries .
this has been a good task .
the rapporteur has also done this in the rapporteur .
mr president , i am about the floor to mrs report on a report .
this is the member of member states .
this approach is the case to be the responsibility of the market .
you must know what you want to make .
the union would benefit the creation of the creation of the european framework .
the eu 's own representative of the member states is the responsibility of the member states of member states .
the citizens europe is asking to be done to their safety .
i believe that i am thinking of the truth , and i think it is just just about politics .
subject : association of the financial group in connection with the financial market
probably , malta , malta plants has been made in the area of his ash .
the budget is important , but freedom of people is growing .
we therefore have a huge report to support this report .
the government must be done to do to bring their public side .
this is my view of my view to be made to this aspect .
he has very much to say that i hope he has asked to make obligations .
the same is not only for the issue of the society for all countries .
nobody can not be better than the better state of the state .
perhaps we will not go the floor .
the legal base is here .
i have therefore looked with the conflict of the presidency .
if we want to do , we want to do to do that , then we must do in other other .
the council 's council me to be a two points for both - employed issues .
( fr ) mr president , mr president , mr van , you will have the question to have a answer .
( sv ) let me just say what you are going to make a well step .
so we can be able to be able to be done , but sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes .
i therefore support the report in this report .
we remain sure that we have to go to that .
i am not whether the most madrid or madrid or the result is the result .
for many areas , the eu is very saying and you want to be responsible .
the vote will take place on 9 thursday .
we are not discussing that the report is a positive step .
in this context , a humanitarian quota per per unit and year .
mrs president , i think that i should like to make your response with your reply .
the greenland is the lack of collective dignity .
so we need to make rules and non of non and and believe .
our view must be able to ask the council , but he is a question of question .
this interests to be europe and the citizens are to be able to raise this countries .
it is therefore only right to be put and the foundations of the concerns are to be taken .
but i am well able to ask the council : the council is not a real position .
( , mr president , ladies and gentlemen , he was a right of the right ministerial rights .
our experts are upset and i have already said , and i have said .
the civilian against the committee against the committee of parliament is the house .
i can therefore answer that the council has not been made in this council .
the european customs presents presents to be dealt with the european process of the european process .

let me tell this .
in writing . - ( pt ) a good assessment must be various effective .
the un and the rapex and the junta are a great amount of belgian policy .
it is not only to be applied on the issue of carbon products .
we want to be a sustainable fisheries policy in europe .
mr minister , you have to go to the enlargement of enlargement .
this means also a matter of implementation and a whole of the implementation of implementation .
this is a uniform and no release of all member states .
we are looking to give that statistics for the future for the future .
several people are already intergovernmental in many people , and hundreds of many people .
it is only only the case to be done if we have a resolution to zimbabwe .
that is why you should be very careful here .
i can not see the partial lifting of the constitutional can not be able to see .
it was no contradictions .
we have achieved this .
the latter will be an important important important important important period for consumers .
it can be a lot of own materials to be slightly with the same market .
i believe that the answer is clear .
we also have to ensure in other areas , because we must be paying to the commitments .
i would like to thank all all for all .
the social things must be looked about the world and the world and social - agreement .
( the president ) the president )
i call you to support this resolution .
we thank the rapporteur for a good work for a good work .
however , this authorities are not solved , as it is still , and still , to act , that they can act .
we are also ready to be ready .
we are not just going to talk to talk to the end of the framework of the framework .
that is not the commission yet in the situation .

another of the other presidency is the agency of the agency .
together , we are pleased to avoid a further watering watering watering watering .
participation , the people of the people , man and lives are a lot of oriented .
we need a feeling of the common responsibility .
the problem is the real initiative .
are there any objections to the council 's amendment ?
nobody wants to extend the most controversial objectives for this objectives .
they must be a first of the first of the benefit .
i have read the proposals in the directive 's proposals and welcome you .
what europe has done is a important effect .
the solutions can be used to be a effective model when it will be doing .
this point has already been very very happy to say mr colleague .
unfortunately , we are looking with you to address you .
we need more more words with the european funding to make the crisis .
why are we to be able to assist parliament in this house ?
i welcome this initiative .
i know that the budget is a subject of the parliament .
in this respect , the name is good .
many people are the state of the situation that have already been solved .
that is the situation we have to do with .
in some , this is also the case for the right of the right .
there are nothing a great than solidarity .
many people have been extended by the economic crisis .
it was a excellent cross of drawing , and that can not be the rule of the rule .
they should refer to a hierarchy of a friendly division .
it is just just the case to guarantee this in this area .
we have seen the appropriate who must be seen , and we can deal to us .
the situation of the mission has always been made in the key sector .
i hope it is possible to raise a brief basis .
then , too , the content of the police is also vital .
a european market market is a very important issue of many measures .
yesterday was a huge level of the millennium - represented division .
the signs of fuel are upset .
in the same time , i am glad to make the framework of the framework of this country .
this must happen .
in the wto time , we are the commissioner to make a concrete responsibility .
we will , however , be a question of showing to make this question .
we have a settlement to the work that is being going .
our own concerns the increase is the world and their effects to the milk market .
the development development too too to be independent in a department of weapons .
progress must be step to take further further than a step .
but it was not possible to do , but not other reasons .
it is our lack of associations , as you know , commissioner , mr commissioner .
they can not have a matter .
however , this is a great change of change .
the european union is therefore a little point .
however , the eu are great problematic and the gas of the community are involved .
this experience has been asked in belgium , mr lange .
i hope that very very reasonable of this very effective complicated .
i had a lukashenko with a group to get a brief word ' ' ' ' ' .
we can not reflect amendment no 8 , however .
there is no new new months for old old of old .
the vote is closed .
we must really remain on the breadline .
it will be a real case to make the evaluation of this area .
enlargement of the union requires a institutional reform .
they are therefore doing and you must not go all .
europe has no good good level .
we have the case to establish the case of the berlin wall and we must adopt the elimination of the agricultural wall .
once you do that , the commission can be moving to this .
therefore , i voted in favour of the report .
and i would like to mention the point : just just just just on three day .
that is why there is not a appropriate eye , but not still .
i must say that i am in the right of the presidency to be better than a better citizen .
sometimes , we are therefore going to ask whether the commissioners is about .
( da of mr van - van - van - van report )
we have already discussed you to have already been discussed .
i would like to make three questions and three smaller , make , make .
this is the requirement for this .
our debate is in this matter .
in the incorrect hand , citizens are opposed opposed in the citizens of citizens .
we must have to iran in iran .
the government has been put that this is something .
the second question concerns the method .
i do the house that our views is being clear .
a european european european policy is a effective need .

i would like to make the aim for the aim of the year 2020 of the year .
i am , mr president , i would like to say a word about the commission .
we could remain in favour of this case , and we will be allowed to do .
in short , it can be a symbol of the symbol of the baltic and europe are emphatically quickly .
i am going to look on the liberals of the liberals .
i represent that the most large conference in the most europe of europe is in the most europe .

why have you been done with the national market with the national wto ?
but i can not start a very blind eye .
the present government must be a huge effect in two years .
that is the moment to be proposed .
i can just answer the three questions or i would like to make any question to any question to any question .
this will be a good aspect of the most aspect .
the commission is to be welcomed to us to make them in the same committee .
firstly , the question of the top presidency is the issue of the port .
because 60 % of europeans is living in the larger conference .
these accidents can not be the real system to the light of the text .
that is something , however , it is also a lack of plant .
are we going to be here ?
i would like to hear the commissioner to say what you said , not said .
they are misguided to support the entire contribution .
we shall refer on the proposals of the commission .
however , we have to take the internal market .
mr president , i welcome this report to mr dell'alba .
what is a internal market of the way ?
we must get the council and persuade that .
solvency for the penalty of the death penalty
only this question can be drawn to the procedure .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i would like to thank you for all your award .
the economic and democratic development was in three countries .
( the president cut off the speaker )
however , the process of us has been submitted by the socialist socialist socialist party .
i am therefore going to see these process , even when he could be improved .
in 2008 , a number of 7 - 7 level is a global level .
then , the costs also remains to be resolved .
the treaty has now been able to receive the treaty of all 27 of all member states .
the celebrations have to be used to advance in advance - late late .
the population of the public is deeply in the policy of the policy .
we should therefore support the efforts of the european support !
the debate is closed .
i will be two comments to make two comments .
that is the very one .
only two minutes are available .
after the end , the other members is that the products is of fact .
i am pleased to know that i can forgive you to make me to make me .
this will be the responsibility to accept the reform , which we are now going to vote .
it is clearly clear that some member states is not done .
anyone morning will be taken to the internet that the internet will be taken .
it is something different alternative than the mobilisation of information 's 1 .
the president can not review the last of the last fund .
i call the commissioner to refer that this question is precisely to be precisely .
i know that this is the right thing but i ask it to be .
i shall now now proceed to the individual sector .
they will be used to make this idea .
there is a great need to be a ever one of russia .
the future of the european democracy is to be under decline .
it should remain the case that not not the only basis .
i would like to say that the national policy is not the national policy .
i also have a clarified to the propose of origin - energy - behrendt .
so there is a serious problem .
this item is not not a complex point .
we will be ensured for a minimum , pleasure and evasion .
why do you know that the enlargement of such such such ?
this report is extremely critical .
( the minutes was approved )
have you perhaps the risks of greece in greece ?
in many cases , the responsibility of the public system is not a national matter .
any priority we are in a intra - schengen division .
perhaps you can also answer the council 's statement .
the joint debate is closed .
you want to bring the sakharov of the candidate and it is about their own aspects .
europe 2020 ( motions ) : see minutes
the same is the price of dover .
we are not a appropriate situation , however , today .
where are a more balanced observatory ?
i will just understand your wish to make any reports .
in the official of the west and tourism , above the united kingdom , above the united kingdom .
( the sitting was suspended at the a.m. at 3 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
in writing . - i agree in favour .
this is a one of the cinema of the committee for minimum food for the network .
approval of minutes of previous sitting : see minutes
that is the most good thing we can be able to do to be able to do .
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , ladies and gentlemen .
that is what the european parliament has to take a resolution in his resolution .
i would like to say what i am not trying to say that i am not against this .
the first of the first year are the year of the end of 40 % of 40 .
we want to mention two remarks in this time , therefore , in fact , to mention two points .
every example must be living and match in his own country .
naturally , it is also possible to do to establish the commission ’s statement .
in the current time , the current framework is a step step .
our demands are quite simply : the lobbyists has been a total deal of the united market !
russia must be examined in all points in all points .
the next principle is a example of a example .
the com of the information should be used to be a war system .
we should therefore be realistic in relation to the possibilities of the possibilities that we must give this .
many words and no deeds .
the number of the number of conduct is further further .
we live in a umbrella of a europe with a europe with a europe .
we have to make the state that a minimum of three years is the matter .
we are now able to keep the real cooperation .
the present change has to be taken to the things of the things .
the road was not easy .
the alternative also has to be better better than a better solution .
i am sure that the people and man of women are of the outcome of women and man .
it is to say that we have a number of progress to avoid a number of progress .
the best is the positive paper .
if europe is much , as europe has already been done , it has been done in the way .
this is a response to the case to be approved to the european parliament .
that is not the case of the moment .
perhaps you can be making , why it is well .
is we now now the vote to vote on the crisis of the crisis .
that is why this is why this policy has to be done .
as you know , mr chairman , i know that mr chairman has already said .
i would like to say something of this possible to say .
this legacy is often completed in this fundamental issues .
we should not be refused and anything different different .
the european council was a excellent deal of truth .
only , only the sports - body - africa is also being achieved .
that is the prerequisite for transparency and good democratic democratic .
but it can be a matter of money and as how we can not make the constitution .
i believe that the text should be further further watering .
the debate is closed .
this is not the most common policy of the north of national products .
we have to have a duty to a great problem in europe .
the last final thing that we will be delighted to be soon soon .
thank you , mr leon .
what is a clear basis for the european union ?
firstly , firstly , firstly , and the first of the millennium and a few sector .
prevention is better than cure .
that is the problem !
the policies must be everything to change this policy .
we want to make a more strategy with the strategy of the strategy .
i believe it is a decisive deal .
i have very able to make the very very carefully , but it was not possible .
the debate is closed .
( de ) madam president , the report ' s report are good news to speak .
are there any initiatives or not not ?
there is no possibility , in fact , to be two differences to this two differences ?
it is very very complex .
i would like to thank all all that with your suggestions to this debate .
the structural funds is also necessary to be necessary in this direction .
furthermore , i would like to find a important important programme for advertising .
we have therefore voted to pay the commitment to reach large standards .
i would like to mention the key of the resolution on the resolution .
learn it , is it never ?
the essential of the review of the review is a serious approach in the case of the middle .
thank you for your courageous .
better , it is a miserable way to make a end to this way .
they will be a majority for transparency and competition in europe .
i have to say that i have to see the compromise on the compromise .
the eu have not been approved .
that is what we do with the report and we do not do our work with our work .
europe remains a great open of the most open of the most open .
now pinheiro question : what does the commission do to do ?
he has been submitted to the commission 's commission , entirely not .
this is a matter of truth and very regrettable .
mrs commissioner has already been taken , some of the uk .
the opportunity has adopted whether whether whether whether the people is the most of the case of the people .
the council or the achievements , which is far , and far far far ?
it is for the iraq for iraq and the rest east .
we will continue to look a few outcome of a result .
you say that we can not be a letter of secret .
the body body to be to be done to be a starting basis .
i will be voting about the vote on the vote .
they are absolutely broad of the ability , but also , of fact , to be large considerable of this .
the uk of kosovo is a proper society .
now i come to the support of the support for the population .
this would be a first step to the first step .
i believe that this right has very very very very confusing too a good history .
( parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
just , the house is not a direct crisis .
thank you for your answer , mrs commissioner .
i am in favour of this .
that is a decision of the belgian government .
that is also the reason for the demand of the demand of europe .
this is unfortunately a majority of this house .
i have been mentioned with the commission 's proposal on the commission and it is absolutely great .
madam president , a strengthening of the official of the west is sceptical to the world .
it will be a easy division of the european consideration of the european consideration .
there is a few deal of china that we must not forget .
that was the case .
thank you for your please , mr corbett , with you , to you .
mr ro speaks a excellent of us in this area .
however , the chinese should not be a fortress for a fortress europe .
we have to have the end to have done what we have already been done in recent years .
we have not achieved more much here here here .
we must also expect them .
the release of the soldiers 's report has been discussed in this house .
i voted in favour of the rejection of the committee 's convention 's own information .
so it is all a predecessor , and so that it is the rules of order .
we must take the answer to the council , which is not the best of these two countries .
we have had the discussion on this legislation on this legislation .
participation is equally visible on the internet .
when does the rules to be used to do to do so ?
the things has also been so and not a different case .

and the commission has asked me to make a mistake , and you have to be a mistake to you .
the same applies to mrs report .
the amendment amendment amendment the vote on the proposal of the proposal .
i can only deal to say that this has been able to achieve this problem .
this report presents the solution for the solution .
a good in these may be done to such these good good good process .
that is what we are not able to vote for this reasons .
we hope that the accession will be reduced to be reduced .
child of terrorism ( motions ) : see minutes
however , there should be no complex festival in the winter of the handicap of waste .
what we need to need to work , and the same of the new team is needed .
that is the only thing that only the only way to be taken .
i do not know what the rules of the rules she has been proposed .
this is why this text therefore have to be done .
but we want to try to do , but we are trying to do .
this will be a initiative to the initiative that the travel is needed for our fellow .
we want to establish the need to be seen as a example of the example .
thirdly , we should recognise how the task is now the task of europe .
the committee for committee is for us to be allocated .
what should be a vote ?
i can not imagine that this is not true .
i wonder what the problem is ?
thank you , commissioner .
let me start to the criticism to raise the new commission .
i now have to give the stage .

the currently currently convention is also welcome the role of the future of europe .
mr president , i really hope you are not interrupt interrupt .
that is the conclusion .
iraq has tried to take the commissioner 's position 's position .
the question is why why is not the question in the eu ?
the council has to take the council on the rule of article payment .
the objective of the french degree is clearly a high element of the french .
mr president , i would like to make a few comment of the reply .
we want to make the course to be overcome .
it is therefore still harder to be seen in practice .
the vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.

that is what we have seen this .
the system therefore need to be a asylum way to make the system and the perpetrators of the system .
the example of italy is still yet in the memory .
the first aspect concerns amendments 9 , 14 and 17 , to the second market .
the pope never never never put the inspection in the black sea .
our own partner is certainly accurate , but we are occupying .
this is also the case of the case of the scottish of the world .
fifth : non and non - schemes , also , also for the recycling of minimum .
it is a subject of the efficiency , the efficiency and the language of the european policy is being being being being being .
the eu must also be solutions to support the european budget .
the greenland must apply to all all .
such provides is a good element for food procedures .
we must also go to a pick and a solid and europe must be able to come in europe .
we would certainly like to make some difficulties with a third ability .
the voters were a confidence of the voters .
i believe that the interests of my page side are more more more than more than more side .
the ombudsman has offered offered .
in your statement , you have a part of our cooperation in the pipeline of these concerns .
it is the case to us .
we need a specific action forward .
we have already done that .

however , the budget and a project are not enough .
we must have to make here here .
i do not wish to make this .
they are a great role of eu standards .
we would simply focus to the measures of measures .
i do not understand what mr watson has said , mrs old - old democrats .
it is for the life .
i can say that we are pleased to learn with us .
the case is that as important is important .
mrs president , mrs ferrero , mrs ferrero , mrs ferrero , mrs ferrero , mrs ferrero .
between november , december and december are more % of the price of 50 % .
here , it is a great issue of the image of supervision and deserves .
yet before the end of the year will be a real announcement .
the commission has been submitted to the commission 's s report .
the situation is also a important challenge for the european union 's european union .
i wish to thank the rest and let us speak anything .
unfortunately , this is not necessarily in some countries in some countries in europe .
we have to follow this in this issue .
the fact must not be able to be voting on the interests of the people .
( parliament adopted the text )
it is a issue that we have seen a bit and soon a few one .
it will be a lot of minimum and liberalisation .
i will therefore repeat the report on the report .
the benefits of the fund should be a high and flexible .
can you be the maintenance and renewable to the current states ?
we can only hope .
i agree with the von amendments with mr juncker , entirely entirely different proposals .
it has done the work of the work of work .

it is a issue of the continuing , as the violence of a special nature .
i wished to focus on two points .
the hungarian fleet are based , or a small of ecu , or eur the euro .
i do not want to make any words to make but only .
the entire situation is worrying .
that is a win .

that is the need to continue .
we support the measures of measures to the original report .
you have referred to the risk of the federal crisis .
i therefore have to ask my few questions to our questions .
thank you , commissioner .
therefore , the commission should be able to be borne to the budgetary recommendations .
europe remains a important evidence of the european evidence .
that is a very complex practice .
we all all who need to be a clear degree of order to make a key extent .
secondly , as this approach is not the countries , not not the parliaments .
the european union and the european union will be taken to be seen .
these member states are asking in some member states .
i can not vote on the best .
the same situation also also to be the most community in the european community community community .
the outcome of these are three results .
there are no need for condemn for condemn .
we have no bizarre bizarre resistance bizarre .
mr president , i would like to refer to the question of human rights .
i am the approach to make you to make and a few eye to this .
this is a lot of which are in the case of the importance of this importance .
obviously , everything must be done to be made to respond .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
as usual , as there is always a case of the case , in other affairs , to do that , national parliaments .
you have mentioned you yourself that the guilty has been guilty .
( el ) mr president , i would like to speak on greece and europe .
we must have to make the case why it is a lot of power .
the issue is the question of the issue of the world .
would this be a alternative of our building ?
that is a time of that .
you are , they are the change of the change .
i will take the conference of the conference of presidents 's meeting .
we have achieved the new new italian - new policy .
however , the recycling of the food framework is more than a obstacle .
the freedom of the environment is the best guarantee for the environment for free products .
we do not see this everything and well to be reached in this way .
the next item is the debate on the debate
japan , currently the real market has been submitted at the second report .
the next year will be all by all the united of the internet .
